contrib: Add devcontainer configuration (#22856)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/dev_setup.rst

Development Setup
=================

Dev Container
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Cilium provides Dev Container configuration for  Visual Studio Code Remote Containers

Reviewer: Is it worth linking to something here? When I read these paragraphs, I don't really know what Dev Container is or what I should do about this paragraph.

Author: Good point :100:

and Github Codespaces. This allows you to use a preconfigured development environment
in the cloud or locally. The container is based on the official Cilium builder image
and provides all the dependencies required to build Cilium.

.. note::

    The Dev Container configuration might not have some limitations, such as running

>     integration tests locally. Please refer to the next section for more information.

Reviewer: Does it have limitations or not? This says "might not have some limitations", which seems like a weird note to leave for readers. I'm also not sure which part of the next section is supposed to provide more information :thinking:

Development Setup
=================

Dev Container
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cilium provides `Dev Container <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers>`_ configuration for Visual Studio Code Remote Containers
and `Github Codespaces <https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/introduction-to-dev-containers>`_.
This allows you to use a preconfigured development environment in the cloud or locally.
The container is based on the official Cilium builder image and provides all the dependencies
required to build Cilium.

.. note::

    The current Dev Container is running as root. Non-root user support requires non-root

>     user in Cilium builder image, which is related to `#23217 <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/23217>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    user in Cilium builder image, which is related to :gh-issue:`23217`.
```
